Ignore unspecified files while creating the nfCoreExperiment Object (#212)
qbicsoftware/data-model-lib: CHANGELOG.rst

* Remove @CompileStatic annotation from ProductId to enable builder pattern usage during compilation (`#186 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/data-model-lib/issues/186>`_)

> * Files not specified in the Nfcore datastructure will be ignored while creating the NfCorePipelineResult Object (`#212 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/data-model-lib/pull/212>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unspecified files will be ignored while creating the NfCorePipelineResult Object (`#212 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/data-model-lib/pull/212>`_)
```
